# Baby Sqli - web

> Come on Baby!
>
> http://baby.bctf.xctf.org.cn/

# Kitty Shop - web

> Kitty shop or flag shop
>
> http://baby.bctf.xctf.org.cn/

This challenge had multiple flags on a single website. It actually contained 3
flags, but no one managed to solve the reverse engineering "Flag Shop" challenge.

The first problem was bypassing the login screen. Almost everything useful for
SQL injection was filtered by a [Web Application Firewall](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Web_application_firewall) - 
the username field allowed newlines which could then be used instead of spaces
and tab characters, which were blocked, but any attempt at more complex SQL
statements were met with failure. Eventually I stumbled upon the extremely
simple `'\n#` input, which allowed me to login. Here, I was greeted with a shop
where I could buy some things, but no flag in sight. Also there was a ReCaptcha
for every purchase you wanted to make, so scripting was out of the question.

There was also a weird "manual" link that used the script `load.php` - this
script had a local file injection vulnerability, and I was able to list
`../../../../../../../../../../etc/passwd` - but still no flag to be found.
This LFE also seemed to block any file name with `php` in it, so I was unable
to get the source of the web app.

Eventually I stumbled upon the `.viminfo` file, which further pointed to the
file `app/encrypt0p@ssword/password`. After some more guessing I found that
accessing `../encrypt0p@ssword/password` worked, and got a file that contained
a link to a server side binary and the password `c1i3nt_B@ckup`. Finally,
inside the binary was the flag for "Baby SQLI" - turns out you were supposed
to modify the purchase request and purchase item "D" on the website to get the
flag.

The second flag was even more elusive. The binary seemed to connect to another
server at port 8080 then did some crypto stuff/signature verification when you
picked option "B", but running it just gave an error - the same error you got
if you tried option "B" directly on the website. The actual server address it
connected to was encrypted with simple XOR - I decrypted it and got the address
`http://202.112.51.232:8888/pcap` . Visiting this site allowed me to download
what seemed to be a full packed capture of all service traffic at port 8080,
but this didn't bring me any closer to the second flag.

Finally, on a hunch, I fired up tcpdump and looked at the raw TCP traffic being
exchanged when I ran the binary, and there it was - the second flag, in plain
text. Seems like it was just the signature that was intentionally broken.
